what's going on everybody jay how here
big announcement coming from diablo 3
headquarters that PTR 2.1 point2 might
be joining us next tuesday if you
haven't seen that announcement they
basically said that they're going to
release patch 2.1 point two three weeks
before season two starts now if you had
been paying attention or at least seen a
few things you saw that their their
earliest date so next tuesday is a
tentative date right but they went ahead
and said that the earliest date that i
could come out as februari third which
means that three weeks prior to that
would be next Tuesday and so that's
pretty big news there if it does come
out and I they already made the
announcement the PTR is going down
tomorrow January night so that's going
to go ahead and go down the PTR will be
closed now I imagine that if there's an
announcement for the maintenance that
it's probably going to be for the panch
coming so we can all look forward to
that next Tuesday I've been farming up
quite a bit testing quite a bit on the
PTR so we've done our research we've got
everything in place so if you guys are
still around because I know that this is
a pretty slow time for the diablo
community especially with the PTR going
as long as it did that there's going to
be a lot coming there's going to be a
you know there's not a ton of changes
but there are some very crucial changes
we're going to cover all those for you
guys with the videos next week hopefully
next week that seems to be the the most
likely date so hopefully i'll see you
guys around we'll be able to kind of
share ideas amongst each other are going
to be doing some live streaming those
days as well as well as just giving you
guys tons of builds tons of stuff that
we've been working on and showing you
some of the gear that we've been farming
up for all that so hope to see you guys
there hopefully you guys are keeping an
eye out for that patch like i said next
tuesday seems to be like the likely date
but we'll keep our fingers crossed and
hope it doesn't drag out too much longer
than that so hope to see you guys there
as always guys happy hunting see you
next time